Optimise docs for Unigraph examples (#2202)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/integrate/unigraph/examples/domain-by-name.mdx

    root_registry_owner_id: "0xd8da6bf26964af9d7eed9e03e53415d37aa96045",
    canonical: true,
    canonical_name: "vitalik.eth",
    canonical_label_hash_path: [
      "0x4f5b812789fc606be1b3b16908db13fc7a9adf7ca72641f84d75b47069d3d7f0",
      "0xaf2caa1c2ca1d027f1ac823b529d0a67cd144264b2789fa2ea4d63a67c7103cc",
    ],
    canonical_path: [
      "1-0x00000000000c2e074ec69a0dfb2997ba6c7d2e1e-0x93cdeb708b7545dc668eb9280176169d1c33cfd8ed6f04690a0bcc88a93fc4ae",
      "1-0x00000000000c2e074ec69a0dfb2997ba6c7d2e1e-0xee6c4522aab0003e8d14cd40a6af439055fd2577951148c14b6cea9a53475835",
    ],
    canonical_depth: 2,
    canonical_node: "0xee6c4522aab0003e8d14cd40a6af439055fd2577951148c14b6cea9a53475835",
  },
];

export const ensDbSdkResultJson = [
  {
    id: "1-0x00000000000c2e074ec69a0dfb2997ba6c7d2e1e-0xee6c4522aab0003e8d14cd40a6af439055fd2577951148c14b6cea9a53475835",
    type: "ENSv1Domain",
    registryId:
      "1-0x00000000000c2e074ec69a0dfb2997ba6c7d2e1e-0x93cdeb708b7545dc668eb9280176169d1c33cfd8ed6f04690a0bcc88a93fc4ae",
    subregistryId:
      "1-0x00000000000c2e074ec69a0dfb2997ba6c7d2e1e-0xee6c4522aab0003e8d14cd40a6af439055fd2577951148c14b6cea9a53475835",

>     tokenId: null,

Reviewer: Hmm there's some problem here. Why would this `tokenId` value be `null`? There should be a tokenId for "vitalik.eth".

@shrugs FYI appreciate your advice here too.

Author: Related issue
- #2220

    node: "0xee6c4522aab0003e8d14cd40a6af439055fd2577951148c14b6cea9a53475835",
    labelHash: "0xaf2caa1c2ca1d027f1ac823b529d0a67cd144264b2789fa2ea4d63a67c7103cc",
    ownerId: "0x220866b1a2219f40e72f5c628b65d54268ca3a9d",
    rootRegistryOwnerId: "0xd8da6bf26964af9d7eed9e03e53415d37aa96045",
    canonical: true,
    canonicalName: "vitalik.eth",
    canonicalLabelHashPath: [
      "0x4f5b812789fc606be1b3b16908db13fc7a9adf7ca72641f84d75b47069d3d7f0",
      "0xaf2caa1c2ca1d027f1ac823b529d0a67cd144264b2789fa2ea4d63a67c7103cc",
    ],
    canonicalPath: [
      "1-0x00000000000c2e074ec69a0dfb2997ba6c7d2e1e-0x93cdeb708b7545dc668eb9280176169d1c33cfd8ed6f04690a0bcc88a93fc4ae",
      "1-0x00000000000c2e074ec69a0dfb2997ba6c7d2e1e-0xee6c4522aab0003e8d14cd40a6af439055fd2577951148c14b6cea9a53475835",
    ],
    canonicalDepth: 2,
    canonicalNode: "0xee6c4522aab0003e8d14cd40a6af439055fd2577951148c14b6cea9a53475835",
  },
];

:::caution[`unigraph` plugin required]

> Using the Unigraph SQL requires that you have the `unigraph` plugin activated in your ENSNode instance. [Learn more](/docs/services/ensindexer/usage/configuration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Performing SQL queries on the ENS Unigraph requires that you have the `unigraph` plugin activated in your ENSNode instance. [Learn more](/docs/services/ensindexer/usage/configuration)
```

@tk-o Please apply this update everywhere it is needed. Thanks.
